feat(changelog): postgresql-and-mysql-added-self-apply-scheduled-mainten 2024-05-03 (#3143)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/may2024/2024-05-03-postgresql-and-mysql-added-self-apply-scheduled-mainten.mdx

---
title: Self-apply scheduled maintenance
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #database channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-05-03
category: databases
product: postgresql-and-mysql
---

Database maintenance operations are set up, run, and scheduled by Scaleway, but you can now select when to apply them to avoid interruptions during peak times.

> Refer to [this documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/apply-maintenance/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [How to apply maintenance](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/apply-maintenance/) documentation page for more information.
```
